# Tableau-Projects
These are dynamic tableau projects that help transform the data into useful information.

Map regional sales: Ths dashboard can be used to show the profitability of each region. In order to do the profitability ratio I created a calculated field by dividing profit by sales. I filtered each graph by region in order to show the differences between the two regions. I also created a line chart that shows the profit and sales by year for each region. The chart also predicts the future profit and sales for the year 2014 and 2015. Based off the graph the southern region is projected to have more growth in the coming years than the eastern region. 

Telecommunications: The dashboard shows the percentage of calls each call tower drops. The horizontal bar chart shows that the clown castle call tower drops the most calls overall. The highlight table shows that there seems to be some problems with the GLU call tower. They seem to drop almost all of their calls at 6am and 10pm. This is an issue that the telecommunications company should focus on fixing by increasing the bandwidth at those hours. 

Sales Analysis: The first worksheet "Sales by Year" displays time series data showing the sales from 2011 to 2014. Market was added to colors in order to display the 7 different international markets all on the same graph. I also created a dynamic tooltip that can display the sales and profits for a given market.
The second worksheet "Sales and Profit by Order Priority" is a scatterplot that shows how sales and profit are affected by order priority in each market. Medium priority orders have high sales and profit while critical orders have low profit and sales. This may be because it costs us more to have to pay to expedite ship items that are a critical priority. I created a dynamic tooltip for this project is in paragraph format to allow the reader to quickly understand the meaning of each dot on the scatterplot.

Halloween: The dashboard can be used to predict the number of tricker treaters at each hour of the day for a given day of the week. The busiest days of the week for trick or treating is Monday-Wednesday.The higlight table shows that Thursday and Friday have the lowest number of trick or treaters over the years. This could be because teenagers are partying rather going trick or treating on those days. The stacked bar chart shows that from 7pm-8pm is the busiest time of the day for trick or treaters. Halloween for 2011 was  on a Monday and had the highest number of trick or treaters. Halloween for 2013 was  on a Thursday and had the lowest number of trick or treaters. 
